# 1276. Number of Burgers with No Waste of Ingredients
## Problem Statement:
Given two integers tomatoSlices and cheeseSlices. The ingredients of different burgers are as follows:

Jumbo Burger: 4 tomato slices and 1 cheese slice.
Small Burger: 2 Tomato slices and 1 cheese slice.
Return [total_jumbo, total_small] so that the number of remaining tomatoSlices equal to 0 and the number of remaining cheeseSlices equal to 0. If it is not possible to make the remaining tomatoSlices and cheeseSlices equal to 0 return [].

 

Example 1:

Input: tomatoSlices = 16, cheeseSlices = 7

Output: [1,6]

Explantion: To make one jumbo burger and 6 small burgers we need 4*1 + 2*6 = 16 tomato and 1 + 6 = 7 cheese. There will be no remaining ingredients.

Example 2:

Input: tomatoSlices = 17, cheeseSlices = 4

Output: []

Explantion: There will be no way to use all ingredients to make small and jumbo burgers.

Example 3:

Input: tomatoSlices = 4, cheeseSlices = 17

Output: []

Explantion: Making 1 jumbo burger there will be 16 cheese remaining and making 2 small burgers there will be 15 cheese remaining.

Example 4:

Input: tomatoSlices = 0, cheeseSlices = 0

Output: [0,0]


Example 5:

Input: tomatoSlices = 2, cheeseSlices = 1

Output: [0,1]
 

Constraints:

0 <= tomatoSlices <= 10^7
0 <= cheeseSlices <= 10^7
 
## Solution Idea (O(1)):
To do Small Burger(S) or Jumbo Burger(J) you will add 1 cheese slice, and we need to use all cheese slices to have valid solution. 

This means number of Jumbo Burger + number of Small Burgers = number of cheese slices -> equation 1

* J+S = cheeseSlices

To do 1 Jumbo Burger(J) you need 4 tomato slices and to do 1 Small Burger you need 2 tomato slices and we need to use all tomato slices to have valid solution.

This means 4 Tomato slices * number of Jumbo Burgers + 2 Tomato slices * number of Small Burgers = number of Tomato slices -> equation 2.
* 4*J+2*S = tomatoSlices


Using eq1 and eq2
* from 1 => S = (cheeseSlices-J)
* from 2 => 4*J+ 2*(cheeseSlices-J) = tomatoSlices
* => 4*J + 2*cheeseSlices - 2*J = tomatoSlices
* => 4*J - 2*J = tomatoSlices - 2*cheeseSlices
* => 2J = tomatoSlices - 2*cheeseSlices
* Finally:
* `J = (tomatoSlices - 2*cheeseSlices)/2`
* `S = cheeseSlices-J`

Then check if J+S == cheeseSlices (which means we use all cheese slices) and (4*J + 2*S) == tomatoSlices (which means we use all tomato slices)? return [J, S] else []

## Code
### C++ (Runtime: 4 ms)
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> numOfBurgers(int tomatoSlices, int cheeseSlices) {
        int J = (tomatoSlices - 2*cheeseSlices)/2;
        int S = cheeseSlices-J;
        
        return J >= 0 && S >= 0 && (J+S) == cheeseSlices && (4*J + 2*S) == tomatoSlices? 
        vector<int> {J, S} : vector<int> {};
    }
};
```

### Python (Runtime: 32 ms)
```python
class Solution:
    def numOfBurgers(self, tomatoSlices: int, cheeseSlices: int) -> List[int]:
        J = (tomatoSlices - 2*cheeseSlices)//2
        S = cheeseSlices-J
        
        return [J, S] if J >= 0 and S >= 0 and (J+S) == cheeseSlices and (4*J + 2*S) == tomatoSlices else []
        
```