# 278. First Bad Version
## Problem Statement:
You are a product manager and currently leading a team to develop a new product. Unfortunately, the latest version of your product fails the quality check. Since each version is developed based on the previous version, all the versions after a bad version are also bad.
 
Suppose you have n versions [1, 2, ..., n] and you want to find out the first bad one, which causes all the following ones to be bad.
 
You are given an API bool isBadVersion(version) which will return whether the version is bad. Implement a function to find the first bad version. You should minimize the number of calls to the API.
 
## Solution Idea (BinarySearch) (log(n)):
First we know the first bad version is between 0 and n,
But we want to reduce our search space from n to log(n).
 
So We'll try to box the first bad version in range so we know the first bad version is between 2 indexes. We'll start with 2 indexes low and high which indicate the range of our search space.
 
Our versions values will looks like this: `[G, G, G, G, B, B, B, B, B]` from 1 to n
 
So we will try to let the low pointer always indicate (max Gs index) and our high pointer always indicates (min B index). So we will start with low = 1 and high = n.
Note that low can be the min index if for example the first bad version is equal to 1.
 
We will get the mid value between low and high pointers and check the given version by calling the API to check if it is a bad version or not 
- if it's a bad version it means this version may be the first bad version or the first version is still behind me so I'll set the high to the current value.
- if it's not a bad version then it means I need update the low pointer to indicate the max good version
 
We'll keep doing that until the range between low and high is 1, We'll check if low is the bad version if true we will return low else it means it is the high.


## Code
### C++ (Runtime: 0 ms)
```cpp
// The API isBadVersion is defined for you.
// bool isBadVersion(int version);

class Solution {
public:
    int firstBadVersion(int n) {
        int low = 1, high = n;
        while(high-low > 1) {
            int mid = low+(high-low)/2;
            if(isBadVersion(mid))
                high = mid;
            else
                low = mid;
        }
        
        return isBadVersion(low)? low : high;
    }
};
```

### Python (Runtime: 24 ms)
```python
# The isBadVersion API is already defined for you.
# @param version, an integer
# @return a bool
# def isBadVersion(version):

class Solution:
    def firstBadVersion(self, n):
        """
        :type n: int
        :rtype: int
        """
        low, high = 1, n
        while high-low > 1:
            m = (high+low)//2
            isbad = isBadVersion(m)
            if isbad:
                high = m
            else:
                low = m
        
        return low if isBadVersion(low) else high
```